Better table display for getmap extra parameters (#5307)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_ogc/server/services.rst

   "FORMAT_OPTIONS", "No", "Only for ``FORMAT=application/dxf``
   key:value pairs separated by semicolon.

   * SCALE: to be used for symbology rules, filters and styles (not
     actual scaling of the data - data remains in the original scale).
   * MODE: corresponds to the export options offered in the QGIS
     Desktop DXF export dialog. Possible values are ``NOSYMBOLOGY``,
     ``FEATURESYMBOLOGY`` and ``SYMBOLLAYERSYMBOLOGY``.
   * LAYERSATTRIBUTES: specify the field with values to use for dxf

>      layer names, or the original QGIS layer names are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     layer names - if not specified, the original QGIS layer names are used.
```
